{
  "comments": [
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_3801b838",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 7,
      "author": {
        "id": 2651
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-18T01:28:18Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "there should be alway only one PTL per project, \u0027list\u0027 won\u0027t be necessary",
      "range": {
        "startLine": 7,
        "startChar": 4,
        "endLine": 7,
        "endChar": 6
      },
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_98ef24e9",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 9,
      "author": {
        "id": 483
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-16T14:24:58Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "\"irc_id\" is better to understand",
      "range": {
        "startLine": 9,
        "startChar": 6,
        "endLine": 9,
        "endChar": 8
      },
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_4415bc3e",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 13,
      "author": {
        "id": 5
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-15T16:05:42Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "This should be issue_tracking and have a subkey of the URL directly into the project.",
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_f8e0f0fb",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 13,
      "author": {
        "id": 483
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-16T14:24:58Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "since we have multiple tools and we may add/delete/update these tools in the future, shall we use like this:\ntools:\n  - jira\n  - mailing_list_tag\n  - irc\n  - meetins\n  - xxx\n\nit will be easier for automatically matching these items.",
      "range": {
        "startLine": 13,
        "startChar": 0,
        "endLine": 13,
        "endChar": 4
      },
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_0408d426",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 17,
      "author": {
        "id": 5
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-15T16:05:42Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "If we\u0027re going to try to standardize this format among the different Networking umbrella projects (or all LF supported projects) than instead of having this be irc it should be \u0027realtime_discussion\u0027 and have a subkey of \u0027type\u0027 and that should be set to irc.\n\nThe reason is, we\u0027ve got some projects that use slack and some that use rocket.chat",
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_98fa8441",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 17,
      "author": {
        "id": 2651
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-18T01:28:18Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "how about put irc under meetings, it is more expandable in this way",
      "range": {
        "startLine": 17,
        "startChar": 0,
        "endLine": 17,
        "endChar": 4
      },
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_0e0e2ee5",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 17,
      "author": {
        "id": 5
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-18T15:47:59Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "That\u0027s conflating a discussion channel with meetings. Just because the meetings / note taking for meetings happens on IRC doesn\u0027t mean that it\u0027s strictly for meetings.",
      "parentUuid": "9a3d3df0_98fa8441",
      "range": {
        "startLine": 17,
        "startChar": 0,
        "endLine": 17,
        "endChar": 4
      },
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_78f7c059",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 19,
      "author": {
        "id": 2651
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-18T01:28:18Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "lots of projects hold the weekly meeting in IRC, should it be shown here, a weekly meeting or real-time discussion?",
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_58e91ce5",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 36,
      "author": {
        "id": 483
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-16T14:24:58Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "I think the company is the redundant information in the yaml. this can be  got through email/LF account or any other places. If someone change the the company, he/she will update all the projects in OPNFV even the email address kept the same.\n\nIf we actually want to maintain the committer with his company, we may  use a separate file, and once it changed, we will need only update the info once to avoid change it everywhere.",
      "range": {
        "startLine": 36,
        "startChar": 6,
        "endLine": 36,
        "endChar": 37
      },
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    },
    {
      "key": {
        "uuid": "9a3d3df0_38e6d815",
        "filename": "INFO.yaml",
        "patchSetId": 5
      },
      "lineNbr": 92,
      "author": {
        "id": 483
      },
      "writtenOn": "2017-12-16T14:24:58Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "I would like to suggest to delete these parts for it is not useful for these information. The information can be used for project relevant authorization. If we want to find the updates, we can get it from the git log, for every time when we plan to add/delete/update committers in the file, there should be a gerrit review patch.",
      "range": {
        "startLine": 91,
        "startChar": 4,
        "endLine": 92,
        "endChar": 25
      },
      "revId": "a2c2a9378bb51d8d055ce8db8b5a5cc0f6724462",
      "serverId": "bbac25d2-bf60-4904-9ba8-a72fc000d6c5",
      "unresolved": false
    }
  ]
}