# UUID                                                                                	Group Name
#
4b0ee50b1dda533aa89c224e0234b35e92d2e49b                                              	GitHub Replication
b08a4463a6cc07837c5bb66de77539f3e2ab2c69                                              	bad-aric
fc3a6d1b01ee1ef316ae2be5c62bb4c54d3f22c0                                              	Non-Interactive Users
global:Registered-Users                                                               	Registered Users
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-apex-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-apex-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-apex-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-apex-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-armband-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-armband-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-armband-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-armband-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-auto-committers,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-auto-committers
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-auto-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-auto-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-availability-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org      	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-availability-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-availability-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org        	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-availability-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-bamboo-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-bamboo-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-bamboo-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-bamboo-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-barometer-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-barometer-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-barometer-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-barometer-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-bottlenecks-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org       	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-bottlenecks-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-bottlenecks-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-bottlenecks-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-calipso-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-calipso-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-calipso-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-calipso-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-compass4nfv-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org       	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-compass4nfv-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-compass4nfv-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-compass4nfv-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-copper-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-copper-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-copper-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-copper-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-cperf-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-cperf-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-cperf-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org               	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-cperf-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-daisy-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-daisy-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-daisy-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org               	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-daisy-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-doctor-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-doctor-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-doctor-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-doctor-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-domino-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-domino-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-domino-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-domino-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-dovetail-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org          	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-dovetail-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-dovetail-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-dovetail-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-enfv-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-enfv-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-enfv-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-enfv-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-escalator-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-escalator-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-escalator-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-escalator-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-fastdatastacks-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org    	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-fastdatastacks-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-fastdatastacks-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org      	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-fastdatastacks-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-fastpathmetrics-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org   	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-fastpathmetrics-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-fastpathmetrics-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org     	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-fastpathmetrics-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-fuel-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-fuel-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-fuel-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-fuel-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-functest-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org          	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-functest-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-functest-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-functest-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-genesis-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-genesis-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-genesis-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-genesis-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-genesisreq-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org        	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-genesisreq-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-genesisreq-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org          	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-genesisreq-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-inspector-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-inspector-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-inspector-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-inspector-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ipv6-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ipv6-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ipv6-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ipv6-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-joid-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-joid-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-joid-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-joid-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-kvmfornfv-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-kvmfornfv-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-kvmfornfv-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-kvmfornfv-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-lsoapi-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-lsoapi-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-lsoapi-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-lsoapi-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-models-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-models-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-moon-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-moon-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-moon-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-moon-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-movie-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-movie-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-movie-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org               	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-movie-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-multisite-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-multisite-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-multisite-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-multisite-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-netready-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org          	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-netready-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-netready-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-netready-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-nfvbench-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org          	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-nfvbench-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-nfvbench-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-nfvbench-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-octopus-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-octopus-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-octopus-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-octopus-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-onosfw-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-onosfw-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-onosfw-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-onosfw-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-openretriever-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org     	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-openretriever-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-openretriever-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org       	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-openretriever-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-opera-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-opera-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-opera-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org               	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-opera-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-opnfvdocs-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-opnfvdocs-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-opnfvdocs-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-opnfvdocs-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-orchestra-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-orchestra-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-orchestra-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-orchestra-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ovn4nfv-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ovn4nfv-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ovn4nfv-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ovn4nfv-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ovno-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ovno-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ovno-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ovno-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ovsnfv-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ovsnfv-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ovsnfv-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ovsnfv-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-parser-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-parser-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-parser-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-parser-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-pharos-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-pharos-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-pharos-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-pharos-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-prediction-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org          	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-prediction-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-promise-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-promise-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-promise-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-promise-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-qtip-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-qtip-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-qtip-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-qtip-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-releng-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-releng-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-releng-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-releng-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-rs-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-rs-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-rs-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                  	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-rs-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-samplevnf-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-samplevnf-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-samplevnf-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-samplevnf-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-sdnvpn-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-sdnvpn-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-sdnvpn-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-sdnvpn-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-securityscanning-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org  	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-securityscanning-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-securityscanning-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org    	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-securityscanning-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-sfc-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org               	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-sfc-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-sfc-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                 	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-sfc-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-snaps-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org             	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-snaps-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-snaps-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org               	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-snaps-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-stor4nfv-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org          	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-stor4nfv-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-stor4nfv-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-stor4nfv-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-storperf-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org          	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-storperf-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-storperf-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org            	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-storperf-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ves-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org               	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ves-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-ves-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                 	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-ves-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-vina-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org              	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-vina-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-vina-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org                	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-vina-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-vnf_forwarding_graph-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-vnf_forwarding_graph-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-vswitchperf-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org       	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-vswitchperf-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-vswitchperf-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-vswitchperf-submitters
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-yardstick-contributors,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org         	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-yardstick-contributors
ldap:cn=opnfv-gerrit-yardstick-submitters,ou=Groups,dc=freestandards,dc=org           	ldap/opnfv-gerrit-yardstick-submitters
